foo_controlserver-1.0.2:

Foo_controlserver is a Foobar2000 plug-in enabling remote control of Foobar2000 via an Ethernet socket connection.

You would use it in a setup composed of:

Foobar2000 running on a server PC on your local network, and with the foo_controlserver plug-in installed and configured.

Foobar2000 is available for download at :
http://www.foobar2000.org/download


You would then use a remote client app to connect to and control Foobar2000 over your local network.

One such remote client app is “Foobar2000 Copilot”. This is a mobile app I wrote for Microsoft Windows Phone, version 8.0 or above. 

For more details, see : http://www.foobar2000copilot.com . 

Foobar2000 Copilot requires this version (1.0.2) of the plug-in to run.


PLUG-IN INSTALLATION:

1) If you are not already on this github page, go to :

https://github.com/audiohead/foo_controlserver

2) Then click on the 'Download ZIP' button on the right hand side of the github page to download a zipped file of the whole project archive.

This will download the 'foo_controlserver-master.zip' file to your local PC.

Locate that file and then unzip the files (on Windows, right mouse click on the file name and then select 'Extract All...').
   
3) Locate the file 'foo_controlserver.dll' in the 'bin' subfolder in the unzipped archive.

Copy that dll to your Foobar2000 components directory:

   C:\Program Files (x86)\foobar2000\components 

  (or wherever you installed Foobar2000) 
  
4) Restart Foobar2000.

5) In Foobar2000, to access the settings page for this plug-in, select:

   File>Preferences>Tools>Control Server

	 
This dll file is the only file needed from the zip file if all you want to do is run the plug-in, but comes bundled to also include the source code and the GPL license as per the original developer.

The foo_controlserver plug-in was originally developed by Jason Poloski, who released it into the public domain. See his original GPL license document in the archive.

This plug-in has not been updated in a while, hence why I’m uploading it here.

I plan to maintain, resolve any issues, and update it as needed and in accordance with the terms of the original GPL. I believe there is still a need for a good 'socket' based Foobar2000 plug-in for communications.


Walter Hartman


